[GEOPY-380] Addition of UI.JSON general documentation (#145)
MiraGeoscience/geoh5py: docs/content/uijson_format/json_objects.rst

.. _bool_param:

> Boolean parameter

Author: I look at this as actual parameters and what we want the user to fill out.

property ``str``
   Data *UUID*  that is selected when **isValue** is present.  Geoscience ANALYST Pro will update this value on export.
min ``float``
    Optional minimum value allowed for the value. The default is the minimum numeric limits of float.
max ``float``
    Optional maximum value allowed for the value. The default is the maximum numeric limits of float.
precision ``int``
    Optional number of decimal places for the value.

Drop-down data parameter
------------------------
In this example, the object parameter *data_mesh* is also given for reference.

.. code-block:: json

   {
   "data_channel": {
   "main": true,
   "association": "Vertex",
   "dataType": "Float",
   "label": "Data channel",
   "parent": "data_mesh",
   "value": ""
   },
   "data_mesh": {
   "main": true,
    "meshType": ["{202C5DB1-A56D-4004-9CAD-BAAFD8899406}" ,
      "{6A057FDC-B355-11E3-95BE-FD84A7FFCB88}"],
   "main": true,
   "label": "Select Points or Curve",
   "value": ""
   }
   }

.. figure:: ./images/data_param.png

Data or value parameter
-----------------------

> In some cases, a simple float will do. The use of the member **isValue** and **property** together allows the choice within the UI. In this example, the **property** member will turned on to begin with. The **value** will default to 1.0 and show up when the icon is clicked. The **uncertainty channel** object depends on the **data_mesh** object. The combobox will filter data from the chosen object that is located on the vertices and is float (pi icon).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, a parameter may take it's data from an object, or a simple float will do. The use of the **isValue** and **property** fields allows the UI to switch between these to cases. In this example, the **property** field will be active (**isValue**: false) to begin with, allowing the choice of a set of data defined on the vertices of the parent object (**data_mesh**). When the pi icon is clicked the dropdown box will be replaced with a float box defaulted to the **value** 2 and the **isValue** field will be made true.
```

Reviewer: We should show a second image (before and after)

Reviewer 2: Yes, that is better I think.

.. code-block:: json

   {
   "uncertainty_channel": {
   "main": true,
   "association": "Vertex",
   "dataType": "Float",
   "isValue": false,
   "property": "",
   "min": 0.001,
   "label": "Uncertainty",
   "parent": "data_mesh",
   "value": 1.0
   },
   "data_mesh": {
   "main": true,
    "meshType": ["{202C5DB1-A56D-4004-9CAD-BAAFD8899406}" ,
      "{6A057FDC-B355-11E3-95BE-FD84A7FFCB88}"],
   "main": true,
   "label": "Select Points or Curve",
   "value": ""
   }
   }

.. figure:: ./images/data_value_param.png

Dependencies on other parameters
================================

> Use the **dependency** and **dependencyType** members to create dependencies. The parameter driving the dependency should have the **optional** member or be a :ref:`Boolean parameter'<bool_param>`. Below are a couple of examples. The first requires the checkbox to be checked prior to the string parameter to be enabled. When the dependency is checked, the dependent parameter is *enabled*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the **dependency** and **dependencyType** fields to create dependencies. The parameter driving the dependency should be made optional (**optional**: true) or be a :ref:`Boolean parameter type'<bool_param>`. Below are a couple of examples. The first makes the ``favourite_package`` parameter become enabled once the ``python_interest`` checkbox is applied. When the dependency is checked, the dependent parameter is *enabled* .
```

.. code-block:: json

   {
   "python_interest": {
   "main": true,
   "label": "Do you like Python?",
   "value": false,
   "tooltip": "Check if you like Python"
   },
   "favourite_package": {
   "main": true,
   "label": "Favourite Python package",
   "value": "geoh5py",
   "dependency": "python_interest",
   "dependencyType": "enabled"
   }
   }

.. figure:: ./images/dependency_ex1.png

> The next example has a dependency on an optional parameter. The member *enabled* is set to false so that it is not automatically checked. This is a parameter that Geoscience ANALYST will update on export.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next example has a dependency on an optional parameter. The **enabled** field of the dependency is set to false so that it is not automatically checked. When the ``territory`` checkbox is selected, both the ``territory`` and ``city`` parameters will become enabled. Geoscience ANALYST will update this parameter on export.
```

property ``str``.
   Data *UUID*  that is selected when **isValue** is present.  Geoscience ANALYST Pro will update this value on export.
min ``float``
    Optional minimum value allowed for validator of the **value** member. The default is the minimum numeric limits of float.
max ``float``
    Optional maximum value allowed for validator of the **value** member. The default is the maximum numeric limits of float.
precision ``int``
    Optional number of decimal places for the value.

Drop-down data parameter
------------------------
In this example, the object parameter *data_mesh* is also given for reference.

.. code-block:: json

   {
   "data_channel": {
   "main": true,
   "association": "Vertex",
   "dataType": "Float",
   "label": "Data channel",
   "parent": "data_mesh",
   "value": ""
   },
   "data_mesh": {
   "main": true,
    "meshType": ["{202C5DB1-A56D-4004-9CAD-BAAFD8899406}" ,
      "{6A057FDC-B355-11E3-95BE-FD84A7FFCB88}"],
   "main": true,
   "label": "Select Points or Curve",
   "value": ""
   }
   }

.. figure:: ./images/data_param.png

Data or value parameter
-----------------------

> In some cases, a parameter may take its data from a Geoscience ANALYST object or simply a ``float`` value. The use of the member **isValue** and **property** together allows for the UI to switch between these two cases. In this example, the **property** member will initially be active. The **value** will be set to 1.0 and show up when the icon is clicked. The **uncertainty channel** object depends on the **data_mesh** object. The drop-down selection will filter data from the chosen object that is located on the vertices and is float (second image below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, a parameter may take its data from a Geoscience ANALYST object or simply a ``float`` value. The use of the member **isValue** and **property** together allows for the UI to switch between these two cases. In this example, the **value** member will initially be active. The **value** will be set to 1.0 and show up when the icon is clicked. The **uncertainty channel** object depends on the **data_mesh** object. The drop-down selection will filter data from the chosen object that is located on the vertices and is float (second image below).
```

Author: Actually, by changing the isValue and then mentioning the top image, I think my change is consistent now.

.. code-block:: json

   {
   "uncertainty_channel": {
   "main": true,
   "association": "Vertex",
   "dataType": "Float",
   "isValue": false,
   "property": "",
   "min": 0.001,
   "label": "Uncertainty",
   "parent": "data_mesh",
   "value": 1.0
   },
   "data_mesh": {
   "main": true,
    "meshType": ["{202C5DB1-A56D-4004-9CAD-BAAFD8899406}" ,
      "{6A057FDC-B355-11E3-95BE-FD84A7FFCB88}"],
   "main": true,
   "label": "Select Points or Curve",
   "value": ""
   }
   }

.. figure:: ./images/data_value_param.png

> .. figure:: ./images/data_value_param2.png

Reviewer: Actually I think the text just needs to say that the **value** member is active first.  Not **property**.

Dependencies on other parameters
================================

> Use the **dependency** and **dependencyType** members to create dependencies. The parameter driving the dependency should set **optional** to true or be a :ref:`Boolean parameter'<bool_param>`. Below are a couple of examples. The first initializes the *favourite_package* parameter as disabled until the *python_interest* parameter is checked. The second shows the opposite when the **enabled** member is set to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the **dependency** and **dependencyType** members to create dependencies. The parameter driving the dependency should set **optional** to true or be a :ref:`Boolean parameter <bool_param>`. Below are a couple of examples. The first initializes the *favourite_package* parameter as disabled until the *python_interest* parameter is checked. The second shows the opposite when the **enabled** member is set to true.
```
